//-- Patricia Maura L. Mercado
//-- GD1T

	[x] New Roles in Benilde
As a Benildean La Sallian taking the BS in Information Technology I must not only 
be a good student; but also, I must be able to set goals for myself. And strive to achieve 
them in order to perform my duty as a Benildean. That is, to do normal things extrao-
rdinarily well. I have many roles now, as a college student and the most basic of all of 
them would be to study well and aim for the top (or at least, set a possible goal for m-
yself that I will be proud of when I do achieve it).

	[x] New Routines
Now that I am a college student I must be more flexible in all that I do. I must be w-
illing to add new changes to my routin even if they are ridiculously out of the blue.
That is life. Full of unexpected twists that a 'daily routine' suddenly becomes spont-
aneous and nearly sporadic that it is almost impossible to keep a 'daily routine' for a
set period of time. But from what I see, my new routines would most likely include
lots of 'overtime' in school and studying. And once I get into the term and school year, 
my routine would then be modified to include new project making schedules and activ-
ities I need to join. Namely that CSBLife accredited activity the orientors talked about in
the FROSH orientation.

	[x] New Relationships
As an IT student I will have to form cordial relationships with my peers. And probably
MMA students and the like for when collaborative projects come about. Since, in this
country, I think it is best if we all helped each other out instead of pulling each other 
down in order to get to the top. I must view everyone on a somewhat more trusting light
and be open-minded to their ideas because we are learning not to be a one-man island, but
an island where we all contribute to each one's sucess. I guess this would also be a sign
that I must learn to care about those around me academically, so that they do not fail
and the like. After all what is knowledge if not shared?

	[x] Assumptions
I'm going to assume right off the bat that this course will be difficult. Mathemathics
has never been my forte but I am willing to cope since this course seems to offer
mathematics by the dozen. But at the same time, I'm going to assume this course will
be fun because, unlike in my previous school years (highschool and elementary I am looking
at you), this course actually caters to my interests. And I know for a fact that if one enjoys
what they are doing then the passage of time is hardly of any concern.
